[//]: # ( <p><iframe src="https://douglasurner.github.io/GDP1/projects/1/P1.3-evaluate" width="100%" height="666px"></iframe></p> )

[template]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/14LTDyPfeAhV2kbx363k73BDzlKLGj4WPJhTKWoo9ax4/edit?usp=sharing

## Interactive Card: Evaluation

Before sending your card out into the world it would be a good idea to get some "unbiased" observers to take a look at it. They can help you spot typos, glitches in the interaction, or confusing parts of your design.

### Learning Targets:

* I can identify parts of my card that I want feedback on.
* I can give clear and specific feedback on a card that I have tested.

## Instructions

### As Designer

Use the [Code Review Template][template] to create a checklist for your reviewers.

1. Find at least two people who will review your card - both should be people who are not familiar with your card and one **must** be.

1. Add a link to your card to the top of the document.

1. Review your card and look for areas where your would like feedback on the "user experience" (aka UX) of your card. Some typical examples are:
   - Could you tell how to get started?
   - Are the tasks clear?
   - Is the "pacing" right?
   - Can you get to the "surprise?"
   - Do you see any spelling mistakes or other design problems?

   Try to come up with at least 6 areas for your reviewers to look at.

### As Reviewer

You will be reviewing **at least** two interactive cards. Ideally both of them will be "new to you" so that you can give the card designer feedback from a fresh point of view.

1. You can look at the card on the designer's computer, or have them use the Share button to send you a link.

1. Make sure you get the designer's name in your notes.

1. Click on the link to the card and test the card and respond to the designer's questions.

1. Meet with the designer to share your observations.

## Submission

Double check your notes to be sure that they are dated and that the designer's name and your feedback are legible. Then **bookmark the page** and turn in your notebook at the end of class.
