[//]: # ( <p><iframe src="https://douglasurner.github.io/GDP1/projects/1/P1.2-develop" width="100%" height="666px"></iframe></p> )

## Interactive Card: Evaluation

Before sending your card out into the world it would be a good idea to get some "unbiased" observers to take a look at it. They can help you spot typos, glitches in the interaction, or confusing parts of your design.

### Learning Targets:

* I can identify parts of my card that I want feedback on.
* I can give clear and specific feedback on a card that I have tested.

## Instructions

### As Designer

Use the [Code Review Template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NDfkEjUnvuOulfhg7pOFeiSfc_4hECur1N7IB86OwH8/edit?usp=sharing) to create a checklist for your reviewers.

1. Find at least two people who will review your card - both should be people who are not familiar with your card and one **must** be. Add their names to your line in the Google Doc for our class:

* [1st Block](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18FOUJhEGyI6N7eta2hDRgT2tCQTeiNj4hfuQXt4vzrY/edit?usp=sharing)
* [2nd Block](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xU_mc220EIYGSoIJlbgLaYti9VCp9ut_ZeWG2EdUmyI/edit?usp=sharing)
* [4th Block](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1D5c0YPS_q9yC68G29fb4kcSk9csL92HXz-4pKqVjK5M/edit?usp=sharing)
* [7th Block](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nEgvJF0CLUraTNgXfxBqNQjua5U7rYi6Ef37XvKWJFY/edit?usp=sharing)
* [8th Block](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Vz4EKLSO6Xru8OFg-5a5UjUCHl8NigSYBYkUatuJ7yY/edit?usp=sharing)

1. Add a link to your card to the top of the document.

1. Review your card and look for areas where your would like feedback on the "user experience" (aka UX) of your card. Some typical examples are:
   - Could you tell how to get started?
   - Are the tasks clear?
   - Is the "pacing" right?
   - Can you get to the "surprise?"
   - Do you see any spelling mistakes or other design problems?

   You should come up with at least 6 areas for your reviewers to look at.

1. Make a copy of your template for each reviewer.

1. Share the document with each of your reviewers - one of whom must be from a different row (you want "fresh eyes" looking at your project).

1. In your master copy of the template add the names of all of your reviewers along with links to the files that you shared with them.

### As Reviewer

You will be reviewing **at least** two interactive cards. Ideally both of them will be "new to you" so that you can give the card designer feedback from a fresh point of view.

1. The designer will share a link to their Code Review document with you.

1. Make sure your name is entered correctly.

1. Click on the link to the card and test the card and respond to the designer's questions.

1. Click on the show code button and using the second half of the Code Review document review and give feedback on the code of the interactive card.

1. Let the designer know that you are done.

## Submission

Designer: submit your master of the template with the links to your reviews.
